Reflection about the Healed Heart program

What are the 2 Benildean core values shown in the production?
As I watch the program, I noticed that it's connected to 2 Benildean core values. The values were "Appreciation to 
individuals worth" and "Faith". They were connected because the program mainly talks about being yourself, self esteem and
Appreciating whatever you have or see.

How to I handle my own grief?
Well the the first thing I do is to ask myself that "I know that I'm not the only one experiencing this. All of the people
in the world can pass through this so why can't I right?" And I don't let grief get the hold me because if I let myself
down then the people that cared about will either be worried or dissapointed. I don't want that to happen.

How can you share these values to others?
First I will do some actions that used the 2 values, upon showing those values. I will try to inspire them in an 
unconditional way. So that they'll be intrested in everything that I do or I should just tell them that those 2 values
can really have a big impact on their self esteem and their future self. The payoff on doing those values would ultimately
be satisfying. It may even deepen your relationship to the people of you love. That's how I can share it to them, either
showing it to them or explain it.

How does this affect me as a part of the Lasallian community?
As I said the program gives you more self esteem and appreciaiton to others. So it affected me in a way that being part of
the Lasallian community can make me achieve those 2 values because being a Lasallian is having a huge responsible to
everything, from social life to serious things. By using the 2 values mention in this reflection paper, the task is not
gonna be that hard.

My personal insights about the show.
It was really poetic and mystique. The words were deep, clever and inpirational, watching it can make you think about the
deeper meaning of yourself, others and life itself. The performers were really great at delivering the lines and the
message but the dancing could really use more meaningful movements, just saying. All in all it was a an eye opening
experince because it talk about stuff that you tend to forget whenver your down, angry or busy.



